The Three-Dimension Song
First, I'll prove that it's a three-dimensional song.
It's said that everyone has a strong passion for music.
Women are like that.
A man said,
''I'm not going anywhere.''
My mother said,
''You look like the best woman in the world.''
I went to see the exhibition of beautiful paintings.
There were beautiful women in line.
A woman was looking at me.
''This is the exhibition of beautiful paintings?''
''It's so beautiful.''
''This is also beautiful?''
''This is not beautiful. It's a big mouth.''
''I'm more beautiful than you are.''
The woman behind me said,
''You're a mirror.''
It's a silly story.
When many friends gather,
there are many interesting stories.
''Oh, you're here.''
''Is there anything new recently?''
''Nothing. Today, I'm going to talk about family.''
''Yasuda, do you have any interesting stories?''
''No, I don't have any. But I have a different story.''
''My wife solves everything with a song.''
''Even if I call my wife, I have to sing to get her to come.''
''I've been laughing since I was a child. I'm laughing. I'm laughing.''
''My dear, my lovely wife.''
''My wife says, ''Hey, hey.''''
''I see. It's a different story.''
''I'm going to go home from work with a song.''
''I'm going to open the door.''
''From work, from work, I flew to my house.''
''I'm looking at my house with joy.''
''What's today's dish?''
''Potatoes?''
''Carrots?''
''Or is it my tempura?''
''You can go home. Thank you for your hard work.''
''Let's cook some food.''
''Babababababa.''
''You're noisy.''
''I get hot when I hear such strange voices.''
''But it's good to be soft.''
''It's good to be soft, but for me, it's not enough to work hard.''
''Why?''
''When I sing well, I earn three money.''
''I can make a pot or a pot.''
''I make a hole every time.''
''I make 18 people a day.''
''I see. That's hard.''
''And I'm troubled with my child's education.''
''If I'm here, I'll cry with a song.''
''I want to stop singing.''
''It's true.''
''The other day, I was scolded by my father.''
''I cried so much that my bones melted.''
''I see. It's a great family.''